RD-3969: Updating description of the recently added features (#2077)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/blueprints.md

The default visibility is "Tenant", and according to the logged-in user's permissions you can also choose other levels of [resource visibilities]({{< relref "working_with/manager/resource-visibility.md" >}}).<br>
6. Click **Upload**.

##### Using Terraform module
1. Click the **Upload** button.
2. In the menu, click **Upload from Terraform module** option.

> 3. **Create blueprint from Terraform** modal will appear

Author: Sure!
I'll add missing dots across the list  🎉

> 3. **Create blueprint from Terraform** modal will appear

Author: Dots has been added 🚀

4. Enter the `Blueprint name`   

>    `Blueprint name` is the name with which you want to identify this blueprint once uploaded

Author: I wanted to be consistent with the [48 line](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/blob/711bc862f69b2f5cbb4aa0afa50fd24b850f763c/content/working_with/console/widgets/blueprints.md?plain=1#L48), but I can ommit the duplication of the explaination.
What do you think?

>    `Blueprint name` is the name with which you want to identify this blueprint once uploaded

Reviewer: OK, let's leave it as is.

> 5. Select `Terraform version` (as a default, one of the terraform versions will be selected)

Author: Suggestion has been applied 🎉

6. Provide `Blueprint main information`, which consists of:
   - `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`,

>    - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select directories found inside the linked zip file.<br />

Author: Changes has been applied 🎉

>    - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select directories found inside the linked zip file.<br />

Reviewer: Was it applied? Is it only me who don't see the changes? 🙂

>    - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select directories found inside the linked zip file.<br />

Author: I think, that I was focused on a different thread 😁
Sorry about that!

The changes has been applied (now for sure 😄)

   By default this field is disabled, until the `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module` is being provided.
   - (Optional) Credentials required for accessing `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.

> 7. (Optional) Add `Variables`, by:   

Author: Nice one!
I didn't think of that, but it sure looks more pleasant for the eye! :)
I'll implement it right away (in all places with a similar context)

>    1. Clicking the `Variables` dropdown

Author: Okay, seems reasonable, I'll change it 😁

>    1. Clicking the `Variables` dropdown

Author: Modification has been added 🎉

   2. Clicking the **Add** button
   3. Filling the row fields:
      - `Variable` - name of the variable
      - `Source` - type of the variable, which may be selected from a dropdown<br />
         Currently available values are: `Secret`, `Input`, `Static`.
      - `Value / Secret key / Input name` - value of the variable (related to the selected `Source`)<br />

>          If we have not selected `Secret` `Source`, then we are able to type our own values.<br />
>          Upon selecting the `Secret` `Source` we are getting the ability to select one of the stored secrets.

Reviewer: I think a bit more clean would be:
```suggestion
         If we have not selected `Secret` as a `Source`, then we are able to type our own values.<br />
         Upon selecting the `Secret` as a `Source` we are getting the ability to select one of the stored secrets.
```

but maybe it would be even better to describe each individual source types:
- by selecting `Secret` as a `Source`, we are able to...
- by selecting `Input` as a `Source`, we are able to...
- by selecting `Static` as a `Source`, we are able to...

Reviewer 2: I agree, but I also think we should prefer a person-less form: 'selecting `Input` as a `Source` enables to...'. If not, we should at least avoid plural form and use 'you' instead of 'we'.

Author: Nicely looking idea!
I've added those modifications accordingly 😉

8. (Optional) Add `Environment variables`, by:   
   1. Clicking the `Environment variables` dropdown
   2. Clicking the **Add** button
   3. Filling the row fields:
      - `Variable` - name of the variable
      - `Source` - type of the variable, which may be selected from a dropdown<br />
         Currently available values are: `Secret`, `Input`, `Static`.
      - `Value / Secret key / Input name` - value of the variable (related to the selected `Source`)<br />
         If we have not selected `Secret` `Source`, then we are able to type values.<br />

>          Upon selecting the `Secret` `Source` we are getting the ability to select one of the stored secrets.

Reviewer: As `Variables` and `Environment variables` are different only by name I think we should not duplicate the description.

Author: Which description are you referring to?
The one related to the `Filling the row fields` or the whole instruction about how to add an environment variable?

Author: As the discussion is being continued in a different [thread](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/pull/2077#discussion_r792475201), I'm resolving this one

Author: Changes has been made according to the suggestion from the [continuation](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/pull/2077#discussion_r792475201) of this discussion

Because of that, I'm resolving this conversation

6. Provide `Blueprint main information`, which consists of:
   - `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.
   - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select directories found inside the linked zip file.<br />
   By default this field is disabled, until the `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module` is provided.
   - (Optional) Credentials required for accessing `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.
7. (Optional) To add `Variables`:   
   1. Click the `Variables` select.
   2. Click the **Add** button.
   3. Filling the row fields:
      - `Variable` - name of the variable.
      - `Source` - type of the variable, which may be selected from a dropdown.<br />
         Currently available values are: `Secret`, `Input`, `Static`.
      - `Value / Secret key / Input name` - value of the variable (related to the selected `Source`).<br />
         Selecting `Static` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />
         Selecting `Input` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />
         Selecting `Secret` enables to select a value from one of stored secrets.

> 8. (Optional) To add `Environment variables`:   
>    1. Click the `Environment variables` select.

Reviewer: I see that my comment related to merging "Environment variables" and "Variables" has gone.

I think it would still be better to have it merged like that - instead of having:
```suggestion
8. (Optional) To add `Variables` or `Environment variables`:   
   1. Click the `Variables or `Environment variables` section.
```

That way you would be able to reduce ~10 lines.

Author: Done 🎉

##### Using Terraform module
1. Click the **Upload** button.
2. In the menu, click **Upload from Terraform module** option.
3. **Create blueprint from Terraform** modal will appear.
4. Enter the `Blueprint name`   
   `Blueprint name` is the name with which you want to identify this blueprint once uploaded.
5. Select `Terraform version` (by default, one of the Terraform versions will be selected).
6. Provide `Blueprint main information`, which consists of:
   - `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.
   - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select directories found inside the linked zip file.<br />
   By default this field is disabled, until the `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module` is provided.
   - (Optional) Credentials required for accessing `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.
7. (Optional) To add `Variables`:   
   1. Click the `Variables` select.
   2. Click the **Add** button.

>    3. Filling the row fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3. Fill the row fields:
```

Author: Oh yeah
After changing `clicking` into `click` we introduced this kind of incosistency
I'm correcting it right away!

Author: Done 🎉

      - `Variable` - name of the variable.
      - `Source` - type of the variable, which may be selected from a dropdown.<br />
         Currently available values are: `Secret`, `Input`, `Static`.
      - `Value / Secret key / Input name` - value of the variable (related to the selected `Source`).<br />
         Selecting `Static` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />
         Selecting `Input` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />

>          Selecting `Secret` enables to select a value from one of stored secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Selecting `Secret` enables to select a value from one of the stored secrets.
```

8. (Optional) To add `Environment variables`:   

>    1. Click the `Environment variables` select.

Reviewer 2: The 'select' term sounds very uncommon for me in this context. How about 'section' or 'header'?

Author: Sure, sounds good 💪

5. Select `Terraform version` (by default, one of the Terraform versions will be selected).
6. Provide `Blueprint main information`, which consists of:
   - `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.

>    - `Terraform folder in the archive` - it's a selectable field from which you'll be able to select Terraform module contained in the zip file.<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `Terraform folder in the archive` - selectable field from which you can select Terraform module contained in the zip file.<br />
```
or using passive voice (IMO preferred in documentation):
```suggestion
   - `Terraform folder in the archive` - selectable field from which Terraform module contained in the zip file can be selected.<br />
```

   - (Optional) Credentials required for accessing `URL to a zip archive that contains the Terraform module`.
7. (Optional) To add `Variables` or `Environment variables`:   
   1. Click the `Variables` or `Environment variables` section.
   2. Click the **Add** button.
   3. Fill the row fields:
      - `Variable` - name of the variable.
      - `Source` - type of the variable, which may be selected from a dropdown.<br />
         Currently available values are: `Secret`, `Input`, `Static`.
      - `Value / Secret key / Input name` - value of the variable (related to the selected `Source`).<br />
         Selecting `Static` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />
         Selecting `Input` as a `Source` enables to type a value. <br />
         Selecting `Secret` enables to select a value from one of the stored secrets.
8. (Optional) To add `Outputs`:   
   1. Click the `Outputs` section.
   2. Click the **Add** button.
   3. Fill the row fields:
      - `Output` - name of the output.
      - `Output type` - type of the output, which may be selected from a dropdown.<br />
         Currently available values are: `Output`, `Capability`.

>       - `Terraform output` - value of the output, which would be added to the generated blueprint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - `Terraform output` - value of the output, which will be added to the generated blueprint.
```
